Basically,  he wanted something interesting for colliding ki blasts so while arguing we come up with an idea but ofc it needs to come through you might be too much work when two normal ki blasts colide, they would form a stationary ball
 me:  more thrown balls into it would increase the size
with a limit both in time after last fused ball ( where it explodes by itself)
and properties, where electric projectiles would add electricity, etc
then he wanted the chars to be able to use their own energy to push the ball towards
 christophercasta:  that seems feasible. I'm not good at projectile interaction and detecting things like that, but it's worth a try.
 me:  and to run into the ball, activating dash collision with the ball and forcing it into an outwards explosion




SUPER PROJECTILE COLLISION :

Super Projectile/Beam counter:     f+PP during the supercharge of the other player for your Lv1 Projectile. b+PP for your LV2 Super Beam. Simulair to Budokai 3; p2 goes into supercharge as well, and p1 stays in it untill p2's is done, then they both release at the same time.

Lv1 Super Projectiles clash: a la Darkstalkers 3. They clash and stay together in the center of the screen.
This can result in a lot of fun possibilities! First, you can try to attack p2 on the other side of the
projectiles, with the risk of jumping on them. If you manage to get to the other side, throwing or knocking
p2 into the projectiles can make them go boom, or just chipp off the hits/juggle p2.
There's other things too:

-You can do dash-colission with your own super projectile, mashing the buttons to try and push both projectiles
forward, to try and corner p2 with them! Perhaps added frames for dash colission with walking lower body.

-You can shoot ki-blasts at it for fun results. This effect may differ for some super projectiles.
Some will explode on impact, others will absorb small ki-blasts, making them more powerful so they might
break through p2's super projectile and hitting them with yours.
Same if you shoot another super projectile at it. This will usually result in a large explosion though!

Lv1 Projectile vs Lv2 Beam: The beam will collide with the projectile in the center of the screen, and will
slowly chipp off the hits the projectile does, if they're gone, the projectile explodes and the beam
continues forward.


--------------------------------------------
		<b>Super Projectile Collision :</b><br>
	<i>Compatible against :</i> Goku Z2.<br>
	Both characters must perform a Lv1 Super projectile and make them collide into each other, creating an energy ball in the center of the screen. From there, you can run into the ball to push it to the opponent. You can try to send the opponent into it by hitting or throwing him. You can also shoot Ki Blasts in it for fun results.<br><br>